It was a tragic end to the Easter weekend on KwaZulu-Natal&#8217;s roads with crashes on Monday claiming the lives of at least 15 people and leaving more than 40 injured.Ten people, including three children were killed in a crash involving three taxis on Monday night three children were killed. KZN EMS spokesman Robert McKenzie said the crash, on the N2 towards Port Shepstone, also left nine people injured.Click on any picture for full storyThree people were killed and 35 injured when two taxis collided on the N3 in Mooi River Earlier on Monday three people were killed and 35 injured when two taxis collided on the N3 in Mooi River. ER24 spokesperson Russel Meiring said the three were declared dead at the scene having suffered multiple injuries. The other passengers had injuries ranging from minor to moderate, and were taken to hospital. One man died and six were injured when two parked vehicles were hit by a passing car Also on Monday, on the North Coast, one man died and six were injured when two parked vehicles were hit by a passing car. Netcare 911 spokesman Chris Botha said two vehicles had parked on the side of the highway and the occupants were changing a tyre on one of the cars when a third car crashed into both vehicles. In New Germany, Pinetown, early on Monday, a driver was killed when his vehicle crashed into a crane. Rescue Care spokesman Garrith Jamieson said they were called out at about 3am and found the vehicle had veered off the road and hit a crane on the middle island of the road. The man had suffered major injuries and was declared dead at the scene. McKenzie said 14 people had been killed on Good Friday when the bus they were travelling in veered off the road, overturned, and rolled down a 100 metre embankment before coming to a rest on the P15 road between Nkandla and Kranskop. Transport MEC Mxolisi Kaunda visited the scene and later said that the SAPS collision unit, the Road Traffic Inspectorate and Public Transport Enforcement Services would conduct an investigation.