 Deadly blast at Manchester Arena treated as terror incident Reports of a suicide bomber who detonated a bomb Ariana Grande concertgoers killed, reports of 19 deaths More injured, cause of blast still not confirmedPOLICE are treating the blast at the Manchester Ariana Grande concert as a possible terrorist incident that has left at least 19 dead and 50 injured.The BBC is reporting that the death toll is in the double figures and the North West Counter Terrorism Unit is investigating.An unknown number of people have been killed, with witnesses reporting seeing 20 to 30 bodies on the ground, the BBC cited a witness saying. There were bodies everywhere. I don t know how we survived it, I really don t know . Armed police and bomb squads from the Greater Manchester Police Force are at the scene of the deadly blast.British Transport Police have confirmed the explosion was in the foyer area of the stadium at about 10.30pm, local time, adding that emergency services are working to establish the cause.Latest statement on incident at Manchester Arena pic.twitter.com/BEpLOan3dY&mdash; G M Police (@gmpolice) May 23, 2017 There are reports the damage could have been caused by a nail bomb. NBC reported the incident was the act of a suicide bomber.Police carried out a controlled explosion at the arena on a second device, two hours after the first incident. Police have not confirmed what caused the blast or what killed concertgoers.Unconfirmed reports from NHS sources have said the injuries seen suggest the explosion could have been caused by a nail bomb, The Sun reports. There are a number of confirmed fatalities and others injured, Greater Manchester police said in a statement.Witnesses on social media have reported hearing a massive bang before screaming crowds rushed out of venue with police confirming an explosion in the foyer area. Police help an injured womanAt least 10 police cars, five ambulances and two riot vans rushed to the scene as part of a major response to the incident The Sun reports.Train lines out of Manchester s Victoria Station are also currently blocked with emergency services in attendance, rail authorities say.A representative for Grande has told Reuters the singer is okay after the incident. A number of hotels in the area, including the Holiday Inn, have taken in teenagers for the night whose parents have been unable to pick them up.Manchester residents opened up their homes to people left stranded by the incident, sending messages with the hashtag #RoomforManchester.A witness named Chris told the Nine Network: Everyone started panicking and screaming and then we were running to the exit at Victoria street station. We panicked and we stopped, we thought it was a terrorist attack. People were outside, we stopped and security told everyone to leave and were pushing us. It was the worst, experience of my life, people have died its just horrible. It was no security whatsoever, we didn t even get patted down. All they did was scan the tickets, I have been to a few concerts where they have emptied the pockets and been patted down but there was nothing like that. Video shows moment when the bomb detonated at @ArianaGrande concert in #Manchester Arena. pic.twitter.com/SQgDhWzu4T&mdash; &#x1f1ee;&#x1f1f1; &#x1f468;&#x1f3fb; &#x1f4bb; (@lievan_tem) May 23, 2017 Video footage on social media showed people leaving the venue in tears at the end of the concert. It was a huge explosion &#8212; you could feel it in your chest. It was chaotic. Everybody was running and screaming and just trying to get out, concertgoer Catherine Macfarlane told Reuters.BREAKING: UK police have detonated a suspected second explosive device near #Manchester Arena. pic.twitter.com/3EsNKc7H7p &#8211; @SkyNewsAust&mdash; Shawn McKenzie (@SMcK17) May 23, 2017 Everyone was in a huge state of panic, calling each other as some had gone to the toilet whilst this had gone off, so it was just extremely disturbing for everyone there, concertgoer Majid Khan said.PrisonPlanet: RT joshdcaplan: Another chaotic scene from #Manchester Arena. pic.twitter.com/IUCBndxOW1&mdash; Adam Hall (@X0XWOLVERINEX0X) May 22, 2017 A father who took his daughter to the concert told the Manchester Evening News: Ariana said: Bye bye Manchester! The lights came on then there was two big noises and people started running and shouting. We got in a lift to go up to the next floor to the exits. When the doors opened I saw blood on the floor and two injured people. Blood all over their faces. A lot of people were in shock. My 2 daughters caught up in the Manchester explosion at the arena. They are thankfully safe, but I fear for others, Liverpool City Region metro mayor Steve Rotheram tweeted.Daily Mirror